Rearrange and improve documentation (#53)
epics-training/training-vm: doc/bootstrap-update-vm.md

# Bootstrap and Update the Training-VM

> This step installs and updates all training event specific content
> on your Training-VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step installs and updates all training event specific content
on your Training-VM. This assumes you have set up your VM
following the [instructions](instructions).
```

Now change into the `training` collection directory.

The file `local.yml` contains the configuration
for your specific training event.
Originally, it has been created
as a copy of the sample file
`vm-setup/ansible/group_vars/local.yml.sample`.

Edit `local.yml` to configure your training VM,
then update your Training-VM.

## Update - Run When Necessary to Update the Setup

The `update.sh` script can be run at any time
to pull and install the latest changes in the setup.
It updates the collection's submodules
and calls Ansible to run the installation procedure.

```bash
vm-setup/update.sh
```

Any additional commandline options
are forwarded to the Ansible call.
E.g., add `-v` one or multiple times to increase verbosity.

The Ansible scripts are optimized for execution time
(skipping parts that are already installed and unchanged),
to make the update a light and fast procedure.

## Extended Configuration Options

To support development,
the behaviour of the `bootstrap.sh` script can be adapted
using a bootstrap setup file that is sourced by the script.

Create a file using the default name `~/bootstrap_setup`
that contains settings in bash syntax.

> - `COLLECTION`: name of the directory for clone the collection into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `COLLECTION`: name of the local directory to clone the training collection into
```

make clear that this is basically just the local folder name

  (default `training`)

> - `COLLECTION_REPO`: URL of the repo to clone for the collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `COLLECTION_REPO`: URL of the repo to clone the collection from
```

  (default: `https://github.com/epics-training/training-collection`)
- `SLUGFILE`: file to store the slug (branch) name
  (default: `/etc/epics-training`)

> 
> You can redirect any of the submodules
> to be directly cloned from a different location.
> E.g., to clone the `vm-setup` submodule
> from johndoe's fork of the `training-vm` repo (`test-feature` branch):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `COLLECTION_REPO` can be used to point to a fork of the 
base setup for testing changes to the `bootstrap.sh` or `update.sh`
scripts.

If you want to test a different version of a specific training submodule,
you can do that using the `REPO[<submodule>]=<url>` syntax.
E.g., to clone the `vm-setup` submodule
from johndoe's fork of the `training-vm` repo (`test-feature` branch):
```

try to make more clear when to use which configuration option

```
REPO[vm-setup]=https://github.com/johndoe/training-vm

> BRANCH[vm-setup]=test-feature

Reviewer: A list of the submodules which are used could be useful in this part of the readme?

Author: Nah.
These submodules show on the top page of the collections repo.
For EPICS training purposes, the actual (sub-)set is different for each training event.
If used in a different collection for a different purpose, the submodules will be completely different.

I'll rather add a generic statement.

Reviewer: Right, a statement where to find the list of submodules would be fine
